There was a young man who was going to college. He went to Las Vegas with his buddies for Spring Break. They were all having a good time, going from bar to bar and gulping down drink after drink. They stopped at one bar where a band was playing music and pretty soon, the friends were all laughing, singing and shouting loudly. 
The young man had just finished another drink when a beautiful young woman came up to him and started chatting. He was surprised and flattered at the same time. The woman seemed to be really attracted to him, so when she invited him to another party, he readily agreed. 
Leaving his friends in the bar, the young man followed her to an apartment on the outskirts of the city. When they went inside, there was already a party in full swing. They continued to drink and even danced a little. 
Then the girl began rummaging around in her handbag and took out a small pouch. Inside, there were two pills. She took one of the pills out and popped it in her mouth. Then, with a smile, she offered the other one to him.
Although the young man would usually never do drugs, he decided to try it out, just this once. He thanked her, took the pill and swallowed it. That was the last thing he remembered. 
The next morning, he woke up in an unfamiliar hotel room. Looking around, he realized that he was lying, completely naked, submerged up to his neck in a bathtub filled with ice. Groggy and disoriented, he frantically tried to remember how he had ended up there. He was confused, scared, and in a lot of pain. 
That's when he spotted a crumpled note in his hand. It read: "If you don't want to die, call 911." 
There was a cell phone sitting on a small table, beside the bathtub. He picked it up and dialled the number, his fingers numb and clumsy from the ice. 
When the emergency services operator answered, the young man explained that he didn't know where he was, or how he got there, but he was in a lot of pain. When he mentioned the bathtub filled with ice and the note, the operator seemed oddly familiar with his situation.
She said, “Sir, can you do the following for me. Slowly and carefully get out of the bath and examine yourself in the mirror."
The man grabbed the towel rack and pulled himself up out of the ice.<br />
Looking over at the mirror, he saw that there were two nine-inch slits in his lower back. 
When he described the injuries, the operator said, “I want you to get back into the bath, sir. The paramedics are on their way. Do not move until they arrive.”
"What happened to me?" asked the young man nervously.
"I don’t want you to panic," said the operator. "But last night you were drugged. Someone removed both of your kidneys. There’s a ring of organ thieves operating in this city. They harvest kidneys and sell them on the black market."
They say that the young man is currently in the hospital on a life support machine, awaiting a kidney donor.



